Document `kind`, `name`, `plural` for entity config (#55158)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/core-data/README.md

}
```

### Interacting with entity records

Entity records are unique. For entities that are collections, it's assumed that each record has an `id` property which serves as an identifier to manage it. If the entity defines a `key`, that property would be used as its identifier instead of the assumed `id`.

#### name

-   Type: `string`.
-   Example: `user`.

The name of the entity. To be used in the utilities that interact with it (selectors, actions, hooks).

#### kind

-   Type: `string`.
-   Example: `root`.

Entities can be grouped by `kind`. To be used in the utilities that interact with them (selectors, actions, hooks).

The package provides general methods to interact with the entities (`getEntityRecords`, `getEntityRecord`, etc.) by leveraging the `kind` and `name` properties:

```js
// Get the record collection for the user entity.
wp.data.select( 'core' ).getEntityRecords( 'root' 'user' );

// Get a single record for the user entity.
wp.data.select( 'core' ).getEntityRecord( 'root', 'user', recordId );
```

#### plural

-   Type: `string`.
-   Example: `statuses`.

> In addition to the general utilites (`getEntityRecords`, `getEntityRecord`, etc.), the package dynamically creates nicer-looking methods to interact with the entity records of the `root` kind, both the collection and single records. Compare the general and nicer-looking methods as it follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the general utilities (`getEntityRecords`, `getEntityRecord`, etc.), the package dynamically creates nicer-looking methods to interact with the entity records of the `root` kind, both the collection and single records. Compare the general and nicer-looking methods as follows:
```
